In this project, I am going to build a one page website from scratch, from a desinger file. The webpage would consist of three parts which are the header, the main and the footer. THese three parts are going to be inside the body of the HTML Skeleton. The header tag would consist of a link element with an image and a block of 3 link elements.Under the header, we will have the main elements consisiting of the section element.The section element will contain two blocks. The first block will have an heading tag, a text element, and a button tag while the second would have another heading tag, and a block containing four different blocks. Each of the four blocks will have an image, an heading tag and some text.  After the section element, I will create another section  for the Quote. Inside this quote section, I will create a block which consists of an image, and another block which will have a a quote tag, an author quote, and some text. Under the quote section, I will create a new section for the video list. This section will contain a heading tag,and, a block containing a four video block which will consist of an image, a heading, text, a block for the author(inside this block, there will be an image , and a heading), and a block for rating(this block will contain block of images (one star = one image), and a text). After the video list section, we will craete another section called the membership section. Inside the membership section, I  will create a heading, a block with inside four block items with each block defined with an image, a heading, and text, and a button. I will also add a section for FAQ which will be the last section before the footer. The FAQ section will have a block that contains 2 “row block”, Each “row block” contains 2 “item block”, and each “item block” is composed of a heading, and  text. Outside the main element, will be the footer. The footer will consist of a global block (used later for centering the footer content), inside this block there will be a “row block” (with an image, a block that has an image with link), and a text.\

This is the link to the image of the project to be created: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oUJCZGWPr19ELC-UvyH3vxcXP4xesHXO/view?usp=sharing 